Name: Thomas Giglia
utln: 1465835       

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the assignment
"MetroSim Design Checkoff" on Gradescope. You must sign up for a design
checkoff slot with a TA to discuss your provided answers (see spec for link).

Unless otherwise specified, your answers below should be *brief*: no more
than three sentences/question.

        
1. Are you comfortable with reading from stdin (user input) and a text file 
in C++? Are you comfortable reading different types (e.g. ints and strings)?
For this one, don't just answer 'yes' if you are. Write out which data 
types you will need and which functions you will call. 

Answer: I'm relatively comfortable reading crom stdin as it works almost
identically to cin where "stdin >> var" is the main operator in iStream for reading in 
values and then they are interpreted as the type that "var" is

2. What happens when I move the train (with 'm m') when the train is at the
last provided station? 

Answer: It will move to the first station, which is index 0 in the list of
passengerQueues that makes up the train, keeping all of its current passengers
as if the train line is loop.

3. What classes will you need in your program? What interfaces (i.e. 
functions) do they each provide? 

Answer: The program will require a Passenger class that can be used to store and
retrieve data about the elements of PassengerQueues which itself can be used to
hold a queue of all of the Passengers headed toward a given station. 

4. How will you implement add a passenger to a station? How will this 
impact the data structure(s) you use to represent the stations in the 
simulation? 

Answer: When the train changes stations, the program will iterate over all of
the incoming data and use the enqueue() function to add them to the end of the
vector for that station.

5. How will you implement moving a train from one station into the next? 
How will you put passengers onto the train? How will you take off the
correct passengers who are leaving at the next station? How will these 
considerations impact the data structure(s) you use to represent the 
train in the simulation? 

Answer: The train will be a struct that holds two values, a vector of 
passengerQueues and a integer that represents the station the train is at for
that given moment.

6. Does command behavior change based on the source of commands? 
Based on your answer, how could we modularize our command processing
code? Be as detailed as you can.

Answer: I don't believe there is a difference between the behavior based on the
source of the commands so regardless they could both be inputted using stdin or
by reading in from the file then being put into a temp vector that is then 
iterated over to put all of the passengers in their correct queues depending on 
their starting station

7. How do you plan to test your program? What evidence of testing do
you plan to submit? 

Answer: I'm planning on using a number of unit_tests that input various .txt 
files of commands and then check that they the outputs per station are the same
as the demo file. I will also use diff to check the differences when inputting 
larger amounts of data.

8. What is your timeline for completing this project? What would you like 
to have completed, and by which dates?   

Answer: I would like to have the base functionality for this project done by
Tuesday 2/11 and to have all of my testing and debugging done by Sunday 2/16.