Names: Thomas Giglia, Julian DuTemple
utlns: tgigli01, jdutem01  

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the assignment
"gerp Design Checkoff" on Gradescope. You must sign up for a design checkoff
slot with a TA to discuss your provided answers (see spec for sign up link).
Make sure to submit this file *prior* to your design checkoff.

For each question, give as much detail as you feel is necessary.

1. What classes and structs will you implement for your program? For each class,
   provide a list of public functions of that class; for each struct, provide a
   list of member variables.

Answer: We're going to use class the implements a chain based hashing system
to store the date from the directory that will have a private struct of 
    list<pair<int,int>> *buckets;
    int bucket_size;
    int total_elements;
    double max_load_factor;

    there will also be the class Gerp which will do the majority of the client
    based interaction, including the command loop. As of right now it will not
    have its own struct. 
        
2. Describe the index that you will build for querying. What specific data
   structures will you use to build this index? *Important*: Bring an
   accompanying drawing of your index structure when you come to your checkoff.

Answer: We're going to use a hash with chaining to implement the index, 
specifically the chains are going to be linked lists.

Vector with keys being indices and linked lists for chaining

3. To use your index, you will use something for lookup (the key) and you will
   get some associated data back (the value). What are the C++ *types* of your
   index's key and value? Examples of valid types: int, string,
   vector<string>, vector<list<string>>; you may also define custom types using
   structs/classes, e.g., Animal and vector<Animal> are valid types if you
   define a struct/class named Animal. If your key/value types involve custom
   classes/structs, they should be included in your answer to question #1.
                
Answer: Keys will be the "words" within the directory, and the values will be 
pointers to linked lists holding every instance of that word and where it was 
found in a struct.

   Key type: string (put into the c++ hash function % by size of hash_table)
   Value type: *list<Metadata> where Metadata is a struct with elements of 
   string name;
   vector<string> src;
   vector<int> line;          

4. Explain what a collision is versus having multiple lines associated with 
   a particular word. Write (and/or draw) out an example of when a 
   collision occurs. Write (and/or draw) out an example of when multiple 
   lines associated with a single word. 

Answer: If there are multiple lines associated with a particular word, then
they just both get put into the vectors for src and line, but if there are
multiple words with the same key value, generated from the first 4 characters
of the string, then there is a collision and another struct will be added to
the list.

5. What do you expect the *space* complexity of your index will be? How many
   times will a single line be stored according to your data structures?

Answer: According to the data structure, its looking like every line will be 
stored as many times as there are words in it, which may very well be too
complex in terms of space.

6. What is the time complexity of *building* your index? If you refer to some
   variable, be sure to specify what the variable refers to, e.g., in "O(n)",
   state explicitly what "n" is.

Store words as a 3D point where it is (file#, line#, word#) so lines are stored
twice, once for case sensitive, once for case insensitive.

Answer: It should be O(n) average time to build it given that it will start
with 100 buckets and will only have to double in size every time it hits a load
factor of 0.75. In this case n is the number of words in the directory

7. What is the time complexity of *using* your index for lookup? As above,
   be specific about variables you use.

Answer: Generally, lookup will be close to O(1) using the triple vector 
coordinates system for the hashing. The algorithm we plan to use will run in
O(n) time worst case where n is the length of the linked list for the largest 
chained bucket. 

8. How will you handle case-sensitive search?
   What is the time complexity (should be close to O(1))?

Answer: We will compare strings just as they come in. 

9. How will you handle case-insensitive search?
   What is the time complexity (should be close to O(1))?

Answer: We will simply take in the string and compare a version of it made into
all lowercase will a version of the text from the directory made into all 
lowercase. I believe the time complexity of this change is O(1).

10. How are you handling duplicate words within a line? Consider these two example 
   lines: 

      (i) the cat and the dog 
      (ii) the cat and THE dog 

   If a user does a case sensitive query on line (i) it should report 'the' only 
   once by showing the line only once in the output. How will you do this? 

   If a user does a case insensitive query on line (ii) it should report 'the' 
   only once by showing the line only once in the output. How will you do this? 

Answer: For the first case check the line against the previous line at the time
of output.

11. How will you test your implementation and what specific evidence of testing
    will you submit?

Answer: For phase one we will use unit_test to thoroughly assess the general
functionality and edge cases for stripNonAlphaNum() and traverseDirectory().
For phase two we will be using diff on sorted versions of our outputs against
the_gerp and will submit the input files we used.



12. What is your schedule for completing this assignment? Include specific dates
    and the tasks that you would like to accomplish by each date. Do not forget
    testing!

Answer: We would like to have the design checkoff and basic functionality done
by the end of Sunday, April 13, phase one completely tested, debugged, and
submitted by Tuesday, April 15, the entire project coded by Friday, April 19, 
and final testing and submission done be Tuesday April 22.