Name: Thomas Giglia
utln: 1465835       

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the
assignment "CalcYouLater Design Checkoff" on Gradescope.  You must
sign up for a design checkoff slot with a TA to discuss your provided
answers (see spec for link).

Unless otherwise specified, your answers below should be *brief*: no
more than three sentences/question.

        
1. Are you comfortable using try-catch?  How do you think you would
   use this in your design for this assignment?

   Lets say my program consists of: 

   funcA() {
	throw runtime_error() 
   }

   funcB() {
       workA()
       funcA()
       workB()
   }

   funcC() {
       try {
	    funcB()
       }
       catch(runtime_error) {
	  workC()
       }
   }

   I call funcC().  Which of the "work" functions will be called, and
   in what order?

   Answer: I'm relatively conformatable with using try-catch, but if I'm honest
   I always test them on simple case to double check when I have to use them. 
   In this case workA() and workC() will be called in that order, but workB() 
   will not be called because of the catch after funcA() throws a 
   runtime_error() is in funcC() not in funcB().


2. Run the following example on the reference: 

   ./theCalcYouLater
   3 { a.txt } + 
   print 

   What happens after the first command? 
   What happens after the second?

   Answer: After the first command "Error: datum_not_int" is printed to cerr 
   and after the second command "Error: empty_stack" is printed to cerr.



3. Extend the previous example.  What happens if I try to perform "+"
   between a string and an integer?  Which elements are popped off the
   stack and remain popped off?

   Answer: The program throws and error and prints "Error: datum_not_int".

4. What does exec do?  What does file do?  What does if do?

   Answer: The function exec takes the topmost element on the stack, which must
   be an rstring, and processes its contents as a sequence of commands. The 
   function file file pops the top element off of the stack, which must be an
   rstring. The function if assumes that the stack is set up such that the
   topmost item is an rstring that is executed if false, the next datum is an
   rstring that acts as a condition to be executed if true and the third datum
   from the top is the condition to be tested.



5. Consider the if example from the spec: 

   3 4 < 
   { #t } { #f } if 
   print 

   Draw the stack after each Datum is processed. 

Answer: First 3 is added to the stack, then 4 above it, then then both are 
popped off to perform the operation 3 < 4 which returns true and that is 
placed at the top of the now empty stack. Next { #t } is added to the top of
the stack, then { #f } is added above it. After that the if function is run on
them which pops off all three of the current data in the stack and operates, 
returning #t because true is still stored in the stack from the previous 3 4 <
operation. 

6. How will your program interact with the user? What should happen if your
   program encounters an error during this interaction?

Answer: The program interacts with the user via inputs and outputs to the 
console. If the program inputs an error in operation to do with an unrecognized
user input, the it will output "x: unimplement" where x is whatever the user
entered. If the call to one of its major functions (if, file, and exec) is not
set up correct it will output "Error expected boolean in if test", "Error: 
cannot execute non rstring", or "Error: file operand not rstring" respectively.
There is also the "Error: empty stack" that can be output if the user tries to
operate on an empty stack. All of these errors are caught though so the 
program continues accepting inputs after the message is sent.  


7. What classes will you need in your program?  What are the important
   functions and member variables that those classes will comprise?
   How will the classes interact (i.e., which classes will be clients
   of others)?

   What data structures will you use?  It is okay if you use more than
   three sentences here.  Feel free to provide your answer in list
   form.

   Answer: I'm going to need to write a DatumStack class that will inheret the
   Datum class. I will also need to write and implement a parser class that 
   will inheret the DatumStack class and the Datum class by way of it. Above 
   that I will need to implement the RPNCalc class which will inheret all that
   is below it. The Datum class will have these functions:
        Datum(const Datum &d);
        explicit Datum(int i);
        explicit Datum(bool b);
        explicit Datum(const char *s);
        explicit Datum(std::string s);

        bool isInt()     const;
        bool isBool()    const;
        bool isRString() const;

        Datum &operator= (const Datum &d);
        bool   operator==(Datum &d) const;
        bool   operator< (Datum &d) const;

        int         getInt()     const;
        bool        getBool()    const;
        std::string getRString() const;
        std::string toString()   const;
    It will also include a polymorphic variable to represent a datum that can
    hold an int value, bool value, or rstring value.

    The DatumStack will have these functions:
        DatumStack();
        DatumStack(Datum d, int length);
        ~DatumStack();
        
        bool    isEmpty() const;
        int     size()    const; 
        Datum   top()     const; 
        Datum   pop();
        void    push(Datum d);
    It will also hold a list<> instance to represent the stack.
    
    The parser class will have just the singular function:
        string parseRString(istream &input);
    
    The RPNCalc class will be the most complex and will include these classes:
        void    push(string input);
        void    not();
        void    print() const;
        void    clear();
        void    drop();
        void    dup();
        void    swap();
        void    quit();
        void    sum();
        void    diff();
        void    prod();
        void    div();
        void    mod();
        void    lessThan();
        void    greaterThan();
        void    leq();
        void    geq();
        void    equals();
        void    parse();
        void    exec();
        void    file();
        void    if();
    It will also have a member variable holding a DatumStack instance.


8. There are three sources of input for processing commands: cin,
   files, and rstrings.  What C++ data type can allow you to write the
   same code that handles commands from all three of these sources?

   Answer: istream is going to be the most useful for this as it can interpret
   general cin values by default, files by way of ifstream and rstrings by way
   of istringstream. 


9. How do you plan to test your program?  What evidence of testing do
   you plan to submit?

   Answer: I plan to use unit tests for the first part of the project as I get
   the DatumStack and parser classes set up and operation. For the rest of the
   project (where the operation of individual functions become harder to
   distinguish from the operation of the program as a whole) I will use diff
   on .cyl files that I generate using my version of CalcYouLater against the 
   values from theCalcYouLater.


10. What is your timeline for completing this project?  What would you
    like to have completed, and by which dates?

    Answer: I would like to have part 1 done by the end of Tuesday, February 25
    and the basic operability of the program done by end of Saturday, March 1
    so that I can thouroughly test and debug it in time for the Tuesday March 3
    submission.
